The rights given by our global entertainment
Is there a problem?
Zhou total more than ten days
5 years ago, you helped foreign capital to settle in
Huaying music market
As a result, he was beaten by two shifts
What did you forget about this scene?
Then you understand
Today, our global entertainment industry is selling out
Not only has it received funding from several financial giants
You have a better chance to guess this side
Then collect all 50% of the domestic market.
Also with domestic
One person has the final say
I'm afraid if not
Shut your mouth for me
It's over
Do you really think
This venue was built for you today
Very good, this stage experience is only for you
Failure is hopeless.
You always make me break my hands hard
We are not
Leave him alone and let this trash fend for himself
There are things he regrets
Yavan is coming soon
There we go.
daughter
Don't worry, with this time, the popularity of Fan's debut
You can definitely make a comeback
Next, please welcome Mr. Yun, President of Music International
This time the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
Finals with Rising Stars
Why put together
I want to be very clear to all fans.
Including us at Skylark International
And all the heavenly kings and divas present
Live here
Just to see the face of the masked singer
Since everyone is so enthusiastic
I won't waste your time either
Let's invite the legendary singer Hua Ye
Godfather of Music
The Masked King